It marks the domain of the active tab untrusted, reloads the page and blocks scripts from running on it. An option for the user to stop a website eating up resources or doing malicious things even if it breaks functionality of the page.


The primary goal of this extension is to give you the control to be able to block or allow scrips on specific websites. You cannot do this with your stock browser without turning off scripting for every page which is not useful.

Pushing functionality from server side back to the users by running more codes on their computers instead of on the server is a tendency where the industry go and so web sites use more and more resources on the users' devices so their battery may go off faster. The other problem is that websites and web services become more and more vulnerable for cyber attacks using cross site scripting and other techniques. These can be solved with this extension with some trade off.

Turning off scripts on websites might break functionality. However if some of them use heavy scripting making your device slow or you worry about being hacked through that site then it is a good practice to block scripts if you want to visit them anyway.

This tool is just an option for you. There are other more sophisticated options like using the NoScript extension which is a great piece of work that gives you better security because it can block scripts before loading at all whereas YesScript2 blocks them after you activate it by clicking on the icon. However teaching your browser for every domain and every script calls with NoScript seems a tedious and long work. It varies to whom it's worth it. If it's not you then YesScript2 might work for you better.

One of main priority when writing this extension was to create an extremely small code set so it can be audited much easier making it more trustful. The less lines of code, the more reliable and secure a solution can be. Currently the main code without comments and empty lines consists of around 100 lines only.

I'd also like to express that I find the original YesScript extension a great idea and a nice work. This is a complete rewrite of it because the developer did not intend to continue development. This has nothing to do with the original in any way except its purpose.

Thank you.
